feat: Add utility function to retrieve function credentials (#151)
crossplane-contrib/function-go-templating: example/functions/getCredentialData/README.md

# getCredentialData
The getCredentialData function is a utility function used to facilitate the retrieval of a function credential. Upon successful retrieval, the function returns the data of the credential. If the credential cannot be located or is unreachable, it returns nil.

## Testing This Function Locally

> You can run your function locally and test it with [`crossplane render`](https://docs.crossplane.io/v1.18/cli/command-reference/#render/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run your function locally and test it with [`crossplane render`](https://docs.crossplane.io/latest/cli/command-reference/#render/)
```
